Hai!
honde...
Okay, So minus one.
Oh, No, I said minus one. I said minus one.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah it's going to be minus 2, minus 3, minus 4.
But anyway, minus one. What was your favorite scene of minus one?
Yeah.
Oh.
I see, I see. Yeah. I like that one.
You know, my favorite one is the bike that he was drive, he was riding.
That was my favourite one. That bike is really nice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, Godzilla did not come out that often in the in the movie.
That's, that's what happened on the other one too. The the Monarch, the first Monarch one.
Yeah, yeah, Godzilla came out like the last five minutes or something. That was it.
middle of the movie and came out and that was it.
So, yeah.
And that, that's why the next movie that came out.
It's all about Godzilla. All the action. So that was good. Godzilla and monster.
Bad people story wasn't that good. Yeah, well that's about the family.
Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The little kid and
their Mom, Mom sacrificed herself to die, you know.
Yeah, yeah, burn?
Burning Azua? What is burning Azua?
Oh.
He got charged up and swallowed the whole Gengu Gero's head.
Yeah, yeah, yeah or drink the, drink the thingy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Isn't that what the Kong did too?
In the, in the hollow earth, when the monster came out.
Yeah, they're like... He drink it. Yeah...
Did he do that or he tried to like inti- intimidate other monsters so it's like don't don't
mess with me, you'll gonna get this.
No, not the new empire before that one that hallow
Earth was discovered, they finally went down there and all.
He snapped the neck in half and it just drank the blood or green blood thingy.
Really? What color of the blood, color of the blood does Godzilla have?
Green?
Really? It's a red? I know the Gamera. Gamera's blood is green.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like enu blue. It's like the one who painting color. Yeah.
Yeah, damn sure they did. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Godzilla movie? No.
The lizard one that only ate the fish? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The blood, blood was red?
Ooooh.
Oh, they're examining the...
Oh.
Pregnant! So it was a female, female Godzilla.
It's, it's always a Mama Godzilla though, right? Usually.
Right? It's  al- always female. No?
No.
Usually he, but when the...
Mira, Mini Gojira King, that was her mom. That was her mom.
I thought that was a Mom. It was Dad. Really?
Oh, damn. There was no Mama? Oh, I thought there was always a Mama.
Son of Godzilla.
That was the father?
Oh.
Oh, Godzilla, okay, yeah, yeah, but that was like more humor.
They had, it was a comedy. Yeah, comedy. Yeah, they
Yeah, it had the boxing move. Yeah, yeah.
He did the shake. Yeah, yeah, a couple of times. Like jumping up and down. Up and down.
That's the kind of saying it, in your face.
Yeah.
Never flew before, but they tried to figure out that if we wanted to have the Godzilla fly.
What can they do and that's the probably best idea they came up with.
Oh, put the put the face around his a
under his neck, under his legs and then just let him blew, blow up.
The fire and the heat too.
Really?
The new... the Shin Godzilla?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They want the Godzilla to swim, but not to fly.
Yeah. Yeah.
Destroyer? Like the, the boat?
What?
Oh.
Okay.
There's a Space Godzilla?
Oh.
Why?